So it's not gonna be easy. It's gonna be really hard. And we're gonna have to work at this every day, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, you and me, every day.

I'm also just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.

I hate the way I don't hate you, not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all.

I wish I knew how to quit you.

My mission in life, but obviously, I struck your fancy so you see it worked, the world makes sense again.

You can't lose something you never had.

Here's looking at you, kid.

I figure life's a gift and I don't intend on wasting it. You don't know what hand you're gonna get dealt next. You learn to take life as it comes at you... to make each day count. You never know when that day might be your last.

I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.

And, oh, I almost forgot, I'm the same girl who thinks love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time. It's the only thing worth getting sick for. But enough about me; what about you?

But life's funny. You have it all planned out, and then, well, you know, fate has other ideas. Now I'm going to have to go home sooner than I thought. I thought I'd be leaving first thing in the morning. But tonight will be my last night in this town.

Five feet apart because they’re not allowed to touch, but that doesn’t mean they’re not hoping for a miracle. Just like I’m hoping for one, too.

You see, the key to this game is being able to read people. And the key to being able to read people is to be the people you're reading.

It's not like in the movies. It's so much better. When you're pretending, you get to be someone else. And when you're done, you can just stop being scared.

Loving someone is about holding tight and letting go. It's about passing the baton and knowing when to let someone else run their race.

Life is funny. It's full of surprises, and some of them are good. And sometimes, when you least expect it, you might even open your heart to someone you didn't see coming.