Hmm, I make 200 bucks a day, Fluff. 365 days a year since I was twelve, and time is money. Hop along.

Life's a little bit messy. We all make mistakes. No matter what type of animal you are, change starts with you.

Conceal, don't feel, put on a show. Make one wrong move and everyone will know. But it's only for today. It's only for today. It's agony to wait. Tell the guards to open up the gate.

I may not have a kingdom, but believe me, I have lots of things that money can't buy. Like my friends, Erika. You can have everything and still be the loneliest person on Earth. But I would rather have love and friendship.

Simba, let me tell you something that my father told me. Look at the stars. The great kings of the past look down on us from those stars. So whenever you feel alone, just remember that those kings will always be there to guide you, and so will I.

I thought it might have been one of those made-up things. I mean, who could have that much feeling for someone they never met? But, I feel like I know him, and that's even weirder.

It’s called wayfinding, princess. It’s not just sails and knots, it’s seeing where you’re going in your mind. Knowing where you are by knowing where you’ve been.

You know what I'm craving? A little perspective. That's it. I'd like some fresh, clear, well-seasoned perspective. Can you suggest a good wine to go with that?

You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.

A true hero isn't measured by the size of his strength, but by the strength of his heart.

Goodbye may seem forever. A farewell is like an end. But in my heart, the memory, and there you’ll always be.

If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.

Around here, however, we don’t look backward for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things … and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.

You must be imaginative, strong-hearted. You must try things that may not work, and you must not let anyone define your limits because of where you come from. Your only limit is your soul. What I say is true anyone can cook … but only the fearless can be great.

You have sustained no injuries. However, your hormone and neurotransmitter levels indicate that you are experiencing mood swings, common in adolescence. Diagnosis: puberty.

Do not be followed by its commonplace appearance. Like so many things, it is not what is outside but what is inside that counts.






